refactor: update `blas/ext/base/gcusumkbn2` to follow current project conventions (#4436)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/blas/ext/base/gcusumkbn2/docs/repl.txt

    > {{alias}}( x.length, 0.0, x, 1, y, 1 )
    [ 1.0, -1.0, 1.0 ]

    // Using `N` and stride parameters:
    > x = [ -2.0, 1.0, 1.0, -5.0, 2.0, -1.0 ];
    > y = [ 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0 ];
    > {{alias}}( 3, 0.0, x, 2, y, 2 )
    [ -2.0, 0.0, -1.0, 0.0, 1.0, 0.0 ]

    // Using view offsets:
    > var x0 = new {{alias:@stdlib/array/float64}}( [ 1.0, -2.0, 3.0, 2.0, 5.0, -1.0 ] );
    > var y0 = new {{alias:@stdlib/array/float64}}( x0.length );
    > var x1 = new {{alias:@stdlib/array/float64}}( x0.buffer, x0.BYTES_PER_ELEMENT*1 );
    > var y1 = new {{alias:@stdlib/array/float64}}( y0.buffer, y0.BYTES_PER_ELEMENT*3 );
    > {{alias}}( 3, 0.0, x1, 2, y1, 1 )
    <Float64Array>[ -2.0, 0.0, -1.0 ]
    > y0
    <Float64Array>[ 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, -2.0, 0.0, -1.0 ]

{{alias}}.ndarray( N, sum, x, strideX, offsetX, y, strideY, offsetY )
    Computes the cumulative sum of strided array elements using a second-order
    iterative Kahan–Babuška algorithm and alternative indexing semantics.

    While typed array views mandate a view offset based on the underlying

>     buffer, the offset parameter supports indexing semantics based on starting

Author: ```suggestion
    buffer, the offset parameters support indexing semantics based on starting
```
